[Doc Improvement][Metadata] (#6809)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/graph-api/rsc/resource-specific-consent.md

---
title: Enable resource-specific consent in Teams

> description: Learn about Resource-specific consent (RSC), a Microsoft Teams and Microsoft Graph API integration. Enable RSC in your app and configure consent settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about supported granular Resource-specific consent (RSC) permissions which allows team owners and chat owners to grant consent for an application.
```
